

Glad to hear the fear factor is too crazy. 
On top of all that it really is just like a really bad version of the flu, not generally life thretening.

Awesome to hear you are working in tech and got a promotion. 
I am still working for Rithm school and really like it.
Every cohort we have company projects for three weeks where we work with a local company and contribute to their codebase.
I have to lead a group of students, but this is probably my least favorite part.
My coworkers are fun to be around although I am the oldest in the company lol.

The states have been good. The cost of living is really high, so even with a great salary we feel pretty poor sometimes.
The climate and food here is awesome and Seung Min is learning to code.

We were planning to come to South Korea this spring but canceled bc of the corona virus.
Seung Min is plannig to come in the Fall but not sure if I will be able to make it this time.

Good luck with the new role!

Nate



Yo! Yes indeed, was quite the scare for us out here until I realized Seoul only has about 100 cases so far to date. Out of a city in the millions that ain’t so bad. If there’s another incident like that of the cult members then there could be problems but I highly doubt it. People are spooked though for sure. I’d say about 80-90% of people outside are wearing masks, which is good for me because it hopefully limits the amount of cough/sneezing they get on other people. TBH I was worked up about it for a few weeks as I’ve got a newborn in the house, but hopefully in another few weeks the rate will start going down and eventually fall off.

Works good! Still doing some development but got bumped to project manager a few days back. Now overseeing a dev team of 5 full timers and a few interns. I’ve been managing for only a few days and I see why managers get paid way more then devs in the states; it’s one thing to do the work yourself, and another thing to actually keep others on task and productive.

How’re things out those ways? Family acclimated to the US? Still in San Fran? Working at the same boot camp? Curious minds want to know!

Hope it’s all good with ya, and wouldn’t sweat this bug from where you are.

-Ben






Hey Pedro!

Hope things are going well for you, I heard you are at Google! 
I am a currently a full time teacher at Rithm School and things are going well here.

We have a former student with a pretty crazy story.
He is an asylum seeker in the US from Tunisia.
I don't exactly know how he got in trouble there but I know he was in the film industry.
He was threatned by knifepoint and eventually had to leave the country.

He is driving for lyft but recently got evicted and is sleeping on a friends couch.
He left all of his things because he didn't have a place to store them.

He did very well with the curriculm here, because of his situation he is extremly motivated.
I worked with him on a codebase for three weeks during our company projects and I could always rely on him to get things done.

I am sending you this because I was wondering if the dev shop that you were working for after App Academy might be in need of a developer.
If so let me know and I can pass you his information.
His name is Faycel Touili.

Cheers,
Nate

